
Continuing with my mini-poly language project, let's explore your next few 
 suggestions in your "Suggested Situations (Ranked by Probability of Encounter):" list
I think we can combine a basic survival vocabulary for 

3 Hiring a Taxi or Using Public Transit
5 Asking for Directions or Help
6 Dealing with Emergencies (e.g., Police, Medical)
 

So, as before skip stuff like "Hello, how are you" because I have this from your  prior work, and any phrases already in the "Market  or Restaurant Conversation"



FYI 
Our Cumulative vocabulary to date
--------------------------
Elevator   "Hello, how are you?
Market   "How much is this? No, thank you. Yes, please. Thank you. Goodbye!"
Restaurant  "Menu, please. Can I have [beer/water/coffee]? What do you recommend? The 	bill."
    

First, What would you suggest would be the few concise phrases, now to be added to our growing vocabulary relevant to this scenario. I'm thinking- 

Excuse me, Where is This/  Bus/ Taxi/ 
I want to go to -  Here/ Hotel/Airport.
Emergency. I need help. Hospital /Police

let me look at you opinion or suggestions before doing any code.

    
Once we agree on the phrases since the changes you made to this version 
"
Elevator Conversation- Version: November 1, 2024 - Natural Script Driven TTS"

worked great on my Android Phone and my Chromebook. and the new Restaurant script  did too.

(I still seem to be having some setup problems with TTS on my third system, the Windows 11 desktop but I'll ignore that system for now.)

Can you give me the code, for a version similar to the last Restaurant Script 
for a "GETTING THERE and AROUND" script.

That is, the TTS is driven by the  native language and the phonetic text spelling no longer appears. Pick a color scheme that works that we haven't used yet to differentiate it.

Add two new languages to the original order of languages, making the learners goal to become a "triscadec"  speaker as we discussed. Add Hindi and Bengali if you can do the natural scripts. If not skip.

Again add a small print line under the heading that says "Version", gives todays date plus saying "Natural Script Driven TTS".




